You've built a robust list of security checks! Since Linux Mint is a direct descendant of Ubuntu, about 95% of your logic will remain identical.

However, because Ubuntu is the "upstream" parent and has its own distinct way of handling snaps, kernels, and default desktop environments, you’ll need to adjust a few specific modules to avoid false negatives or broken scores.

Here are the specific changes required to port your scoring engine from Mint to Ubuntu:

1. The Kernel Update Check (High Priority)
Ubuntu and Mint handle kernels differently.

Mint: Often uses specific "Mint-signed" kernels and provides a GUI to switch versions easily.

Ubuntu: Uses the HWE (Hardware Enablement) stack.

Adjustment: Your script should check for the linux-generic or linux-image-generic meta-packages. On Ubuntu, a "secure" system usually follows the latest HWE kernel.

Command change: Instead of looking for Mint’s specific versioning, check uname -r against the output of apt list --installed | grep linux-image.

2. "Bad Program" vs. "Snap" Logic (Crucial)
This is where your script might fail on Ubuntu.

The Conflict: On Mint, you likely check dpkg or apt to see if a program is installed. On Ubuntu, many "Good Programs" (like Firefox or Chromium) are Snaps.

Adjustment: You must update your "Good/Bad Program" logic to check both apt and snap list.

Python Logic:

Python
import subprocess
# Check if a program exists as a Snap
is_snap = subprocess.run(['snap', 'list', 'firefox'], capture_output=True).returncode == 0
3. Critical Users & Groups
Default Users: Ubuntu often has specific service accounts that Mint might not use by default (like systemd-timesync or gnome-initial-setup).

The "Admin" Group: In Ubuntu, the primary admin group is sudo. In older versions or specific Mint configs, admin was sometimes used. Ensure your Add Admin check looks specifically for the sudo group.

4. "Update Check Period" (File Paths)
Ubuntu handles automatic updates through the unattended-upgrades package.

File Path: Look at /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/20auto-upgrades.

The Difference: Mint sometimes uses its own mintupdate timers. For Ubuntu, you must ensure APT::Periodic::Update-Package-Lists "1"; is set in the file mentioned above.

5. Startup Programs (Desktop Specific)
Mint (Cinnamon): Uses ~/.config/autostart/ but also has specific Cinnamon-session spice files.

Ubuntu (GNOME): Relies heavily on gnome-session.

Adjustment: To "Check Startup" effectively on Ubuntu, you need to audit /etc/xdg/autostart/ and the user’s local autostart folder, but also check for GNOME Shell Extensions that might act as persistence mechanisms for "Bad Programs."